README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)
# SpaceX-Hub
> In this project, I built a covid-19, data tracker that fetch the result of covid-19 in  Europe
## Built with
- HTML
- CSS
- React
- Redux
- JavaScript
- VScode
- Lots of love :heart:
## Screenshot
[Click here to see a screenshot](<img width="1440" alt="Screen Shot 2021-11-27 at 6 43 52 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62937819/143659785-7746b52e-3a7b-495b-a550-16aeead6648c.png">
)
## Live Demo
[Click here to see the project](https://spacexapi-demo.netlify.app/)
## Getting Started
**To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.**
## Setup
- Clone this repository.
- Run ``npm i`` or ``yarn`` to install dependencies required to start the project
- Make sure to use node v15.11.0 (npm v7.6.0)
- Run ``npm start``
## Run Tests
```
npm run lint
```
## Author:
👤 **Gabriel Nwachukwu**
[<code><img height="26" src="https://cdn.iconscout.com/icon/free/png-256/github-153-675523.png"></code>](https://github.com/gabrielcoder247)
[<code><img height="26" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c9/Linkedin.svg/1200px-Linkedin.svg.png"></code>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-nwachukwu/)
 <a href="mailto:gabrielcoder247@gmail.com?subject=Hey Gabriel?"><img height="26" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/official-gmail-icon-2020-.svg"></a>
 👤 **Gabriel Nwachukwu**
[<code><img height="26" src="https://cdn.iconscout.com/icon/free/png-256/github-153-675523.png"></code>](https://github.com/gabrielcoder247)
[<code><img height="26" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c9/Linkedin.svg/1200px-Linkedin.svg.png"></code>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-nwachukwu/)

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/nikoescobal/space-travelers/issues).
## Show your support
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
## Acknowledgments
- Microverse
## 📝 MIT License
This project makes use of the MIT license.
Just clone and then run npm install to make it work.

Commit message:

Add a loom video to readme

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)
# SpaceX-Hub
> In this project, I built a covid-19, data tracker that fetch the result of covid-19 in  Europe
## Built with
- HTML
- CSS
- React
- Redux
- JavaScript
- VScode
- Lots of love :heart:
## Screenshot
[Click here to see a screenshot](<img width="1440" alt="Screen Shot 2021-11-27 at 6 43 52 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62937819/143659785-7746b52e-3a7b-495b-a550-16aeead6648c.png">
)
## Live Demo
[Click here to see the project](https://spacexapi-demo.netlify.app/)


## video demo
[Click here to watch the video](https://www.loom.com/share/7b8d70d754984fd688df52b8bafc3ab8)
## Getting Started
**To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.**
## Setup
- Clone this repository.
- Run ``npm i`` or ``yarn`` to install dependencies required to start the project
- Make sure to use node v15.11.0 (npm v7.6.0)
- Run ``npm start``
## Run Tests
```
npm run lint
```
## Author:
👤 **Gabriel Nwachukwu**
[<code><img height="26" src="https://cdn.iconscout.com/icon/free/png-256/github-153-675523.png"></code>](https://github.com/gabrielcoder247)
[<code><img height="26" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c9/Linkedin.svg/1200px-Linkedin.svg.png"></code>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-nwachukwu/)
 <a href="mailto:gabrielcoder247@gmail.com?subject=Hey Gabriel?"><img height="26" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/official-gmail-icon-2020-.svg"></a>
 👤 **Gabriel Nwachukwu**
[<code><img height="26" src="https://cdn.iconscout.com/icon/free/png-256/github-153-675523.png"></code>](https://github.com/gabrielcoder247)
[<code><img height="26" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c9/Linkedin.svg/1200px-Linkedin.svg.png"></code>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-nwachukwu/)

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/nikoescobal/space-travelers/issues).
## Show your support
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
## Acknowledgments
- Microverse
## 📝 MIT License
This project makes use of the MIT license.
Just clone and then run npm install to make it work.
